README.md, before:

# ckeditor-images

![master](https://github.com/Boring-Mind/ckeditor-images/workflows/master/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Boring-Mind/ckeditor-images/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Boring-Mind/ckeditor-images)
[![Code Quality Score](https://www.code-inspector.com/project/6845/status/svg)](https://www.code-inspector.com/)


The app is an example of blog, which supports adding articles with images and embedded videos via the CKEditor5 - WYSIWYG editor.

## Current state:
### The app can:
1. Upload articles and save them in the db
2. Upload images and save them in the upload folder
3. Care about security - large requests are refused, images filetype are checked
4. Display basic blog (some functionality still under the development)


## Will be added:
1. Storing image paths in the article model in order to delete images with article
2. Blog page with articles list

## Used technologies:
#### CI (GitHub Actions):
1. [Snyk](https://snyk.io/) - vulnerability fixer (helps to keep dependencies up-to-date)
2. [PyCharm Python Security Scanner](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/pycharm-python-security-scanner) - Python and Django security checks
3. [Codecov](https://codecov.io/) - Code coverage measurement
4. [Code Inspector](https://github.com/marketplace/code-inspector) - Automated code reviews
#### Testing:
1. Splinter for integration browser tests
2. Model bakery and Factory boy - DB mocking
3. Pytest - test runner

## Requirements
* Python 3.6 - needed for f-string syntax


Another requirements are listed in requirements.txt

Commit message:

feet: Added website link to the README.

README.md, after:

# ckeditor-images

![master](https://github.com/Boring-Mind/ckeditor-images/workflows/master/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Boring-Mind/ckeditor-images/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Boring-Mind/ckeditor-images)
[![Code Quality Score](https://www.code-inspector.com/project/6845/status/svg)](https://www.code-inspector.com/)
[![Website boringmind.pythonanywhere.com](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/https/naereen.github.io.svg)](https://boringmind.pythonanywhere.com/)


The app is an example of blog, which supports adding articles with images and embedded videos via the CKEditor5 - WYSIWYG editor.

## Current state:
### The app can:
1. Upload articles and save them in the db
2. Upload images and save them in the upload folder
3. Care about security - large requests are refused, images filetype are checked
4. Display basic blog (some functionality still under the development)


## Will be added:
1. Storing image paths in the article model in order to delete images with article
2. Blog page with articles list

## Project Demo
### Main page
![some text](https://ibb.co/xm8R4yk)

### Blog detail page
![safas](https://ibb.co/98nrDX7)

### Admin page
Admin page is located by the url "/admin/". By default it's protected by password.
![dasdasd](https://ibb.co/wK7hbVB)

## Used technologies:
#### CI (GitHub Actions):
1. [Snyk](https://snyk.io/) - vulnerability fixer (helps to keep dependencies up-to-date)
2. [PyCharm Python Security Scanner](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/pycharm-python-security-scanner) - Python and Django security checks
3. [Codecov](https://codecov.io/) - Code coverage measurement
4. [Code Inspector](https://github.com/marketplace/code-inspector) - Automated code reviews
#### Testing:
1. Splinter for integration browser tests
2. Model bakery and Factory boy - DB mocking
3. Pytest - test runner

## Requirements
* Python 3.6 - needed for f-string syntax


Another requirements are listed in requirements.txt
